My name is Bridget.
I witnessed a murder.
Just get up
on the stand
and tell the judge
what you saw.
And we'll
protect you.
BRIDGET: I know.
Jimmy's got my back.
I thought I'd be safe.
Turns out, I was wrong.
I ran to my sister Siobhan
for help.
Siobhan? Siobhan!
Siobhan killed herself,
and I assumed her identity.
It was so easy.
I saw a way out, and I took it.
They all think that I'm her--
her husband...
I want this
marriage to work.
her lover...
Your wife
knows about us.
her best friend...
How long have you been
pretending to be her?
BRIDGET: the only person
I could trust.
This is my friend Malcolm.
You did the right thing
coming here. Come on in.
My best friend is missing.
Her name is Gemma Butler.
And everyone still thinks
Bridget is me?
Don't worry, Siobhan.
The Gemma problem has
been taken care of.
Gemma never had a chance
to tell anybody.
So define "real" vacation.
Hmm.
Well, after everything
you've been through these
past couple of weeks,
I'd say you've
earned someplace warm.
For me, a little bit
of golfing, for you,
I'd assume world-class
beaches are non-negotiable.
I've got it.
Oh, you do, now?
You have to guess.
Um...
Lauderdale?
[laughing] Look if you
didn't want to guess,
you could have just said so.
Tell me.
Turks and Caicos.
Sounds good to me.
I'll get my assistant
to book it now.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Fresh from the cleaner's.
Took them long enough, but
they salvaged it somehow.
It's impressive, too,
considering the job
Juliet did on it.
You know, I'd say you're
entitled to some payback.
If you want to take
scissors to
her wardrobe, I'll
turn a blind eye.
Good to know.
Now, where does
this go, up here?
Oh, you know what?
I tell you what.
I, uh, I'll put it away.
It's OK.
I've got it.
No, I'm not taking any more
chances with this dress.
Um, you go make us some
coffee. I'll do it.
Whatever you say.
Wha--Jimmy...?
Lights off!
Damn it, Bridget!
What are you doing?! You
scared the hell out of me!
I had to make sure
no one was watching.
You're not safe.
I'm calling Machado.
Don't. Look, half the Bureau
is on Bodaway's payroll.
You testify against him
tomorrow, you're dead.
You can't trust the Feds.
And I can trust you?
I'm not asking you to trust
me. I'm asking you to run.
-Now.
-I don't have anywhere to go.
You got any family?
A sister.
Go to her. Anywhere
is safer than here.
Take this.
No, I don't want it.
You need protection,
and I need to explain
how you got away.
It's easier
if you just take this.
-I don't like guns.
-Bridget...
No!
[phone line rings]
-Hello.
-Hey. I have a question.
Shoot.
Hmm, funny.
Um, how do I get rid
of a gun?
Something tells me this is
not a hypothetical question.
Afraid not.
It's a cop's gun,
traceable back to my sister.
I can't keep it
in the house.
I thought about throwing it
in the East River,
but with my luck,
it would float.
[Charlie chuckles]
Siobhan, guns don't
float, but they do
have a way
of turning up.
So, unless you're
gonna melt it down
or file off
the serial number,
probably a bad idea.
You want me to
take care of it?
No, I--I couldn't.
I've already used up
all your good will.
You can't max out
good will.
I'll take care of it.
Thank you.
Is Malcolm with you?
No, I left him
at the apartment.
I'm at
the public library
because my computer
went down.
Communal keyboards are
gross, by the way.
But I do have good news for
you on the Gemma front.
A police buddy of mine,
he got her bank statements.
So you're making progress?
Yeah, I'm looking at 'em
right now.
It might take me some time
to make heads
or tails of 'em,
but have no fear,
I will find her.
BRIDGET: Great.
I will see you at NA.
OK, Gemma...
when I take off this tape...
you are not gonna cry...
you're not gonna spit...
and you're not
gonna beg.
You're not gonna
make a peep.
You are gonna shut up...
and eat your bologna.
MALCOLM: I've been kicked around
pretty bad the past few weeks.
After some of the things
I've been through...
it's easy to believe there are
no good people left.
But somebody proved me wrong.
Charlie gave me a place to stay
when I had nowhere else to go.
Got me back in the rooms,
as you can see.
I haven't used in 6 days.
Without Charlie, that wouldn't
have been possible.
Charlie, I really...
No, no, please,
no more thank-yous.
Gotta ask you, though,
how did your sister
steal a cop's gun?
She didn't.
What the hell?
Everything OK?
Yeah. Fine.
You must be exhausted.
What is that bus ride,
16, 17 hours?
Yeah, something like that.
I can't really sleep
on a bus.
Well, get some rest.
Big plans tomorrow.
I don't know how she got it.
I just know I want it gone.
WOMAN: Martin/Charles.
Good morning. May I help you?
See what you got.
Draw me a piggy.
So, what exactly
am I signing again?
They're dividend
reinvestment forms.
I'll spare you
the explanation.
Olivia's been on my ass
to get you to sign them,
but I wanted to give
you time.
I don't mind
the distraction.
Just there.
Oh, oh, Beckett!
Hold on a second,
little buddy.
It's enough that we break
Daddy's stuff,
we're not gonna break
Uncle Andrew's stuff, too.
[chuckles]
It's not a problem.
Oh, good morning.
-Hi.
Beautiful children.
I thought Gemma's parents
had stepped into the breach.
Unfortunately, Tim's...
he's not doing that well.
ANDREW: Really?
Are things that bad?
Yeah, the doctor says
the stress from
Gemma's not helping.
A bypass last year,
and then a new stent
a couple of months ago.
None of it's working.
Apparently, immortality
is the one thing
Tim Arbogast can't buy.
What?
It's just nice to see you
back on the coffee again.
Wouldn't be rehab without
an 8-cup-a-day habit.
What'd you and Charlie
talk about?
Exchanging
baby-sitting tips?
Come on, Malcolm.
Neither one of us wants...
I'm not complaining.
I needed the help.
And I'm grateful.
Actually, we were, um,
talking about the gun.
I gave it to him
to dispose of.
You really think
it's a good idea
to give up
your only protection?
That's not protection,
that's evidence.
But Bridget will get
blamed if it turns up.
Yeah, and who are
they gonna come
right away to,
asking questions?
It'll only be a matter
of time
before they figured out
that I'm not Siobhan.
You could have
talked to me first.
Don't see why the rush
to give it away now.
I can't have it
in the house anymore,
not when Andrew is
just starting to trust me.
You're pretending
to be his dead wife.
How can there be
any trust in that?
I'm sorry, but this
Prince Charming fantasy
you got going
with Andrew...
it was supposed
to be temporary.
This is not your life.
I know that.
I'm not leaving until
I find out
who was trying
to hurt my sister.
OK, then.
What do you got?
Is there anything you
may not have noticed?
SINGER:
♪ Feel the rush in your blood ♪
♪ In heart and bones ♪
♪ You're on top
of the world ♪
♪ You're on top of the world ♪
♪ Here and everywhere ♪
♪ We were feeling powerful
and on top of it all ♪
♪ Feel the rush
in your blood... ♪
Hi. I'd like to make
an appointment.
My name is
Siobhan Martin.
♪ ...You're on top
of the world ♪
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Hi.
Hi!
Felt like a change, I see.
Excuse me?
You usually sit
in the armchair.
It felt like
a couch kind of day.
How are you?
I'm good.
You know, the usual.
And some of
the less usual.
Now, before we begin,
I just have to ask...
why are you calling
yourself Siobhan Martin?
I'm not sure what you mean.
You never use your real name
when scheduling
your appointments.
I didn't realize
I was sleeping
with the boss' wife.
Excuse me?
Is that why you told me
your name was Cora?
Cora...
Cora Farrell.
Discretion has always been
very important to you.
This is the new
Siobhan Martin.
No aliases required.
Well, whatever name
you're using,
I'm glad you decided
to return to therapy.
I am, too.
In fact, I can't
even remember
why I stopped coming
in the first place.
You mentioned something
earlier--
that things were...
"less usual."
Would you like to
talk about that?
How has your life
been different
since we last spoke?
You've never been this
quiet before, Siobhan.
Well... things are
better with Andrew.
And I...I broke it off
with Henry.
And Juliet doesn't
hate me anymore.
Wow.
That is incredible
progress!
You've completely
transformed
your entire life.
And you did all of that
outside of treatment.
Which begs the question,
Why come back now?
I don't understand.
You're repairing all
your major relationships.
You're making strides
in your family life,
and yet,
after months away,
something made you
pick up the phone
and reach out to me.
I--I'm...not really sure.
Well, think about it.
What was different
this morning
than the morning
before?
"Less usual,"
as you put it.
I...I...
can't exactly say.
You came here to explore
something with me.
Something...must've felt
different this morning.
I'll get my assistant
to book it now.
Whatever you say.
Oh, my God...
I'm falling in love
with Andrew.
All over again.
There's too many
tourists that week.
What about the next?
You have the fundraiser gala
for the Carlroy Foundation.
Cancel it.
OLIVIA:
Well, this sounds important.
Olivia.
Unless you're scoping out
tax shelters, this can wait.
Very funny.
Thanks, Claudine.
Now is the time
to hit Arbogast.
We've been down this road.
And you heard Henry.
Tim Arbogast
is weak, sick...
worried about
his legacy.
Wondering who
will take care
of his grandchildren
when he's gone.
Wondering if he's
leaving his money
in the right place.
You and I both know the
right place is with us.
There was a time when
you wouldn't have needed
this much convincing.
What is it, too distracted
planning your next holiday?
Don't accuse me
of losing my focus
just because I don't share
the same urgency.
I'm not shaking down Henry
for his connection
to Arbogast.
Sorry.
How's this for urgent--
two of the six investors
we landed last month
have pulled out.
If we don't score
someone big enough
to cover those losses...
you know what
that could mean.
I mean, the way he looks
at me, it's like...
he can't believe how kind
I'm being to him.
Like, he didn't know I could
ever make him this happy.
I know it's just temporary,
because of how things
were before, but...
I...I don't want it to end.
I...I want to keep
surprising him.
Wait. What's going on?
Time's up.
Wha--it's only been--
An hour 10?
Gave you a little
extra.
Any chance I could just
buy out the next session?
[laughs]
Um...so...
do you think that we should
refill my prescription?
I wasn't planning to.
You seem to be doing
well without it.
So, you don't think
I'm depressed anymore?
Siobhan, you know
I didn't
prescribe those
antidepressants
for depression.
You're doing great,
Siobhan.
I'll see you
next week.
OK.
Thank you. Again.
CHARLIE: Malcolm...
[knock on door]
You OK in there, buddy?
Yeah, I'm OK.
[water splashing]
SINGER: ♪ Oh, oh, oh, whoa ♪
Uh, Charlie...
Yeah, buddy.
You don't have to ask.
Mi casa es su casa.
Knock yourself out.
Kind of what
I'm afraid of.
This has alcohol in it.
Never quite gotten
to the point of
drinking mouthwash to take
the edge off, but, uh...
I don't know if I can risk
being around it right now.
You know what?
No sweat, man.
[chuckles]
Sorry.
Ex-girlfriend, she left it
here a few months back,
and I just never got around
to throwing it out.
Besides...
the blue stuff was never
really my poison.
Wait. Slow down a second.
You're freaking out
over mouthwash.
Bridget, I know.
OK, it's a little
weird,
but not all addicts take
a hard line on mouthwash.
Well, it got me worried
he might be using again,
so, I looked around.
-And?
-Nothing.
I mean, no booze or drugs.
[elevator bell dings]
But I noticed
something else.
I looked through
his drawers.
Dude's got 4 pairs of socks,
4 pairs of boxers,
3 T-shirts.
Malcolm, are you OK?
This isn't about
my sobriety, Bridget.
Something's not right here.
The batteries
in the remote--
they're
still shrink-wrapped.
Charlie says he's
lived here for months,
and he's never used
his remote?
Can we really trust
this guy?
Wait, Malcolm.
I gotta call you back.
I'm right in the
middle of something.
[phone beeps off]
Hi.
I'm so sorry
to bother you.
May I?
The office is closed
for lunch.
You can use the bathroom
on the east wing.
I think I have a key.
I was just over there.
It's really filthy.
Oh.
Thank you.
Siobhan's last session...
[indistinct conversation,
footsteps approaching]
[door opens]
Siobhan?
What are you
doing in here?
I'm calling security.
Please let me explain.
You snuck into my
office, Siobhan.
You violated my privacy.
Oh, I just wanted
to talk some more.
I felt like we were making
such progress this morning.
I didn't want to wait
till the next session.
And I had this crazy dream
that I know has
to mean something.
-I should tell you about it.
-You wanted more time.
You should've called.
I thought therapy
wasn't about judgment.
After an incident
like this,
I'll have to reassess
if we can continue
therapy together.
I completely understand.
Sorry.
MAN: Hold
the elevator, please.
WOMAN: Thank you.
Siobhan went to church?!
Are you going
to call Henry?
I'm still
considering it.
There may be other ways.
And what are those?
Henry's our in.
Without him,
Arbogast is untouchable.
The man's got more handlers
and layers of privacy
and protection
than the President!
I tried getting
his direct line,
and the closest I could
get was the number
of his assistant's
assistant.
You saw Henry.
I lay any more financial
jargon on him today,
and his head will
explode.
Well, if you're not
saving our company,
where are you in such
a hurry to get to?
BRIDGET: Are you ready?
I invited my wife
to lunch.
Did you see the
look she shot me?
Olivia's just got
a bee in her bonnet
about landing Henry's
father-in-law
as an investor.
She doesn't think
I'm acting fast enough,
and she's probably right.
Gemma is still missing.
I know.
And Arbogast's
quite sick.
Which hasn't exactly
gone unnoticed by Olivia.
I think I just
lost my appetite.
[chuckles]
Hey.
I know you don't like
guessing games,
but what about
a thought experiment?
A thought experiment?
I know, I know.
Look, bear with me.
What if all of it
were at stake?
Again, it's not.
It's just an experiment.
What if doing the right
thing cost us everything?
The loft,
the apartment,
the house
in the Hamptons,
the clothes.
Even the sushi?
Even the sushi, yes.
Would you...
would you stand with me?
I'd stand with you.
[sighs]
Look, I've got to get
back to work.
What have you got planned
the rest of the day?
What would you say if I
said I was going to church?
You--in church?
You'd melt.
Hey.
Seriously, Siobhan?
After the fight you put up
about us having our wedding
at a church?
No, not seriously.
Just a thought experiment.
[giggles]
Charlie.
What's up, man?
I wanted to apologize
about this morning.
Didn't mean to freak out
over the mouthwash.
-After all you've done...
-Buddy, you can save it.
Really, no worries.
I just stopped by
to take a quick shower.
You're going to be all right
today on your own?
SINGER: ♪ Stay clear
of the closing door ♪
♪ The trace-out's begun ♪
♪ What's in store ♪
♪ Are you fed up, run-down? ♪
♪ The motherboard ♪
♪ Are you 21, having fun? ♪
♪ Feeling tired
or ready for more? ♪
♪ Persuade me ♪
♪ Will you please me? ♪
♪ I've had enough of misery ♪
♪ Are you worthy, love? ♪
♪ Oh, am I clear, anybody? ♪
♪ But it's the sin in me ♪
♪ Sittin' on
the right track ♪
♪ Makin' all the people laugh ♪
♪ And cleaning up all his
dime bags ♪
♪ Oh, no... ♪
♪ No, no, no, no... ♪
♪ And we tried now... ♪
Everything's the same
tired story with you.
-Now, go home!
-I'm not even drunk!
SINGER: ♪ A cynical train ride ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ And we cry, oh, oh ♪
[indistinct chatter,
rock music playing]
Hit me.
WOMAN: Sure you need
a second whiskey?
I haven't had a drink
in 5 days,
so stop judging
and start pouring.
Whatever you say, John.
Cheers.
Can I help you?
Yeah. Um...
have you ever seen
him here with me?
[sighs]
No, but he's here a lot.
He's always
drinking whiskey.
on his cell.
Mmm.
-Thank you.
-Sure.
Ah.
Hey.
Meet me at the apartment
as soon as you can.
[cell phone ringing]
Yeah.
It's Siobhan.
How's the situation
with her old sponsor?
Status quo.
Got him cleaned up,
put him in the apartment.
But this guy's no Gemma.
He's as determined to keep
the secret as Bridget is.
Besides, I've only got
so much room in my basement.
This way is better for now.
I'll have to take
your word on it.
You remember
the little thing you were
so freaked out about the day
she arrived in New York?
The gun?
Guess who up and gave it
to me today.
What do you
want, a medal, John?
The only reason she had that
gun in the first place
was because the cop you
hired gave it to her.
Yeah.
And I told you he needed
a story to cover his ass.
Jimmy was the only person
close enough
to Bridget to pull off
the job.
He got her to you,
didn't he?
[sighing]
Whatever.
ANDREW: I've made
a decision about Arbogast.
We're not pursuing it.
It's not
the right time.
And if we lose our chance
altogether, then...
so be it.
May I ask you
what changed your mind?
A month ago, I probably
would have done it.
But now...
I have other things to live
for than our bottom line.
Siobhan.
I guess I want to be
the man she thinks I am.
MALCOLM:
His last name is Delario.
John Delario.
You were right.
He came up to me in NA.
You weren't here yet.
I needed someone
to talk to.
I'm such an idiot.
It's not your fault.
Guy went to a lot of trouble
to earn your trust.
But why?
The antidepressants
that Siobhan was on,
they're also used
to treat paranoia.
And the doctor thought
that she was paranoid,
but I think she was scared.
I think maybe she knew
someone was trying
to hurt her.
And then she went to
that bar, and it's
the same bar that
I saw him at.
It can't be
a coincidence.
You think he's the one
after Siobhan?
I don't know.
But he's had every chance
to hurt me, but he hasn't.
Maybe because he
knew I had a gun--
which I just gave
to him.
I got to get that back.
Before we do anything,
we need to find out
more about this guy.
-Anything at the apartment?
-Nope.
But there might be
something here.
Charlie has another address.
I need to check it out.
[horn honking]
I could swear
I've signed this before.
You missed a page.
No one's blaming you
for being distracted.
You're juggling a lot.
Do you want one?
I shouldn't.
[both chuckle]
The kids?
Um, they're
asleep for now.
Thank you.
So, what's
your story, Olivia?
What have you heard?
[chuckles]
That you're a bitch.
[laughs]
Kind of business I'm in,
you have to be.
Andrew used
to understand that.
Used to?
Well, he and I were both
on the same page--
about business, about doing
what needed to be done.
You don't need to hear this.
Listen, this is the first
adult conversation
that I have had in a week.
Please, keep talking.
Just seems that, uh, he's
lost his killer instinct
ever since he
and Siobhan decided
to suddenly stop
hating each other.
It's not just me, right?
That was fast.
You don't happen
to know what changed
between them, do you?
I have no idea.
But if you figure it out,
I would love to know it.
Well, it seems love
has made a sap out of him,
and now he's blocking me
at every turn.
Says he wants to be
a better man for her.
Next thing I know,
he'll be turning
Martin/Charles
into a soup kitchen.
[little boys crying in
next room]
[sighs]
The boys.
Excuse me.
Oh, Siobhan.
You in a hurry?
Oh, um...
I got what I came for.
OK.
Hello.
Thank you for coming.
Yeah, well...
I can't say
your voicemail
didn't worry me.
What's so urgent?
You know how it is.
Some nights are
worse than others.
Yeah.
Sorry to rip you away
from whatever it is
you were doing.
No, no, no. I was actually
just looking into
the Gemma
investigation again.
That cop who gave me
the cell phone records...
[speech grows indistinct]
Siobhan? You OK?
Seems like you're
somewhere else.
I'm here.
I just...
I'm overwhelmed by how
much you've done for me
these past few weeks.
Just...you've gone
above and beyond the call
of duty of a sponsor.
I'm just trying
to figure out why.
Just a good guy,
I guess.
You've been amazing,
and I've been a...
complete mess.
Dragging you into
the disappearance,
and helping Malcolm
get clean...
the gun.
I don't know what
I was thinking,
asking you to dispose
of that.
Well, the way you explained
it, it seemed sensible.
I never should have
made it your problem.
It was a mistake.
I never should have
dragged you into this.
I mean, it's a stolen gun.
A stolen cop's gun.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
but there are
ways to
make it untraceable.
Ways I've already
started to pursue.
It's more than that, I...
I should take it back.
Siobhan, I'm confused.
I need the gun.
What do you need
a gun for?
I don't feel safe anymore.
Why don't you feel safe?
I just meant...
you know, Gemma's
still missing, and we...
and we don't know if it had
anything to do with me yet.
I just...knowing that person
is still out there, I...
I would just feel safer if...
I was armed.
OK, Siobhan.
But it's not on me.
Not now.
It's with a guy who said
he could take care of
the serial numbers for
me, no questions asked.
I'm gonna need a day
to get it back.
Wait. You don't have
to leave this second.
I mean, we still have to
finish our coffee. I...
I don't have anywhere to be.
I do. So...
Charlie...
Thank you.
You're welcome, Siobhan.
[phone beeping]
[cell phone ringing]
Uhh!
Damn it.
[grunting]
[Siobhan speaking voicemail
message in French]
Siobhan.
She's on to me.